Boss Zhou, there is no failure between us
I came today just for work
So please don't embarrass me anymore
I'll give you the money and leave now
You don't want to see Zhao Liying again
Don't see any other men
So in your eyes I am this kind of person
So in your eyes I will follow you and take the initiative for the money
Isn't it?
Who made you speak in front of me
I don't understand
I'm crazy I see you with Jay Chou
I see you with other men and I will let go
I will go crazy
I beg you
Disappear from my world
Miss Xu Shiyash
You kidnapped Ah Jin at the wedding banquet
Do you not take me as an elder in your eyes?
Ah, Mr. Zhou
Ah Jin must be because Miss Xu broke away from his show
He took refuge in my company
So I'm looking for Miss Xu's tea
Ah Jin, I said you are too
You already have a fiancée
Don't embarrass my girlfriend-to-be